Bin_name	Kingdoms	Phylum	Class	Order	Family	Genus	Species 	Completeness	Contamination	New 
wheatSN2D142.bin3	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Enterococcaceae	Enterococcus	Enterococcus_D casseliflavus 	93.84	0.39	No 
wheatSN2D71.bin10	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Enterococcaceae	Enterococcus	Enterococcus_D gallinarum 	88.69	0.42	No 
wheatSN2D73.bin10	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Enterococcaceae	Enterococcus	Enterococcus faecalis 	98.13	0.37	No 
wheatSN2D72.bin6	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Carnobacteriaceae	Desemzia	Desemzia incerta 	93.76	3.01	No 
wheatSN2D71.bin12	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Staphylococcales	Staphylococcaceae	Staphylococcus Bin12	Staphylococcus xylosus_B 	97.78	1.94	No 
wheatSN2D73.bin2	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Staphylococcales	Staphylococcaceae	Staphylococcus Bin2	Staphylococcus_A sciuri 	99.45	2.39	No 
wheatSN2D71.bin14	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Staphylococcales	Staphylococcaceae	Staphylococcus Bin 14	Staphylococcus_A lentus 	93.63	3.04	No 
wheatSN2D72.bin5	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Planococcaceae	Solibacillus	Solibacillus silvestris 	97.85	1.61	No 
wheatSN2D71.bin16	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus Bin16	Bacillus subtilis 	98.15	0.66	No 
wheatSN2D142.bin9	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus Bin9	Bacillus altitudinis 	91.02	0.57	No 
wheatSN2D71.bin1	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae_D	Bacillus Bin1	Bacillus_H clausii 	93.61	1.02	No 
wheatSN2D73.bin7	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinomycetia	Mycobacteriales	Mycobacteriaceae	Corynebacterium	Corynebacterium stationis 	99.34	0.26	No 
wheatSN2D142.bin5	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinomycetia	Actinomycetales	Microbacteriaceae	Leucobacter	Leucobacter chromiiresistens_A 	96.64	0	No 
wheatSN2D141.bin6	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinomycetia	Actinomycetales	Dermabacteraceae	Brachybacterium	Brachybacterium paraconglomeratum 	97.08	0	No 
wheatSN0D73.bin6	Bacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter	Acinetobacter johnsonii 	100	0.04	No 
wheatSN2D71.bin5	Bacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter	Acinetobacter radioresistens 	99.13	0	No 
wheatSN2D142.bin12	Bacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Enterobacteriaceae	Enterobacter	Enterobacter ludwigii 	99.6	0.93	No 
wheatSN0D142.bin12	Bacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Enterobacteriaceae	Enterobacter	Enterobacter himalayensis 	81.59	6.86	No 
wheatSN0D02.bin1	Bacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Enterobacteriaceae	Pantoea	Pantoea agglomerans 	82.68	1.49	No 
wheatSN2D142.bin7	Bacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Enterobacteriaceae	Pantoea	Pantoea brenneri 	98.78	0.77	No 
wheatSN0D71.bin3	Bacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	Enterobacteriaceae	Erwinia	Erwinia_B gerundensis 	82.64	2.22	No 
wheatSN2D143.bin1	Bacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Stenotrophomonas	Stenotrophomonas geniculata 	95.72	0.18	No 
wheatSN0D143.bin6	Bacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Stenotrophomonas	Stenotrophomonas maltophilia_P 	91.59	2.63	No 
wheatSN2D73.bin1	Bacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Ralstonia	Ralstonia pickettii 	83.18	4.41	No 
wheatSN0D73.bin1	Bacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Agrobacterium	Agrobacterium pusense 	88.93	1.51	No 
wheatSN2D141.bin3	Bacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Ochrobactrum	Ochrobactrum intermedium 	95.49	1.73	No 
wheatSN2D143.bin4	Bacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Ochrobactrum	Ochrobactrum_A pseudogrignonense 	95.65	2.43	No 
wheatSN2D141.bin16	Bacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacteraceae	Brevundimonas	Brevundimonas sp002386585 	99.68	0.32	No 
wheatSN0D143.bin11	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Weeksellaceae	Chryseobacterium	Chryseobacterium wanjuense 	99.78	0.81	No 
wheatSN2D142.bin2	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriaceae	Sphingobacterium	Sphingobacterium mizutaii 	99.37	0	No 
wheatSN2D143.bin3	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriaceae	Sphingobacterium	Sphingobacterium sp003627955 	99.84	1.43	No 
wheatSN0D142.bin6	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriaceae	Pseudosphingobacterium	Pseudosphingobacterium jilunii 	100	0.95	No 
wheatSN2D71.bin20	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Amphibacillaceae	Oceanobacillus	 	93.39	0.44	Yes 
wheatSN2D72.bin9	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Amphibacillaceae	Ornithinibacillus	 	97.85	0.88	Yes 
wheatSN0D622.bin5	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinomycetia	Mycobacteriales	Mycobacteriaceae	Mycobacterium	 	95.42	1.31	Yes 
wheatSN0D621.bin5	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinomycetia	Mycobacteriales	Mycobacteriaceae	Mycobacterium	 	85.01	2.39	Yes 
wheatSN0D1873.bin10	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinomycetia	Mycobacteriales	Mycobacteriaceae	Mycobacterium	 	84.25	2.15	Yes 
wheatSN0D623.bin4	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinomycetia	Mycobacteriales	Micromonosporaceae	Micromonospora	 	93.3	1.05	Yes 
wheatSN0D1873.bin4	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinomycetia	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	 	84.76	3.44	Yes 
wheatSN0D72.bin5	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinomycetia	Actinomycetales	Microbacteriaceae	Microbacterium	 	97.9	1.48	Yes 
wheatSN2D141.bin12	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinomycetia	Actinomycetales	Microbacteriaceae	Microbacterium	 	97.37	0.73	Yes 
wheatSN2D621.bin1	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinomycetia	Actinomycetales	Microbacteriaceae	Microbacterium	 	95.89	2.13	Yes 
wheatSN0D1873.bin7	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinomycetia	Actinomycetales	Cellulomonadaceae	Promicromonospora	 	84.69	5.3	Yes 
wheatSN2D72.bin12	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinomycetia	Actinomycetales	Dermabacteraceae	Brachybacterium	 	94.97	0.8	Yes 
wheatSN0D1872.bin7	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Actinomycetia	Jiangellales	Jiangellaceae	Jiangella	 	100	1.76	Yes 
wheatSN2D622.bin7	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Thermoleophilia	Solirubrobacterales	Solirubrobacteraceae	Patulibacter	 	89.44	1.79	Yes 
wheatSN2D1871.bin11	Bacteria	Actinobacteriota	Thermoleophilia	Solirubrobacterales	Solirubrobacteraceae	Patulibacter	 	90.4	1.21	Yes 
wheatSN0D71.bin4	Bacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	 	87.4	8.48	Yes 
wheatSN0D143.bin7	Bacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Stenotrophomonas	 	93.68	3.99	Yes 
wheatSN0D143.bin1	Bacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Pseudoxanthomonas	 	99.33	1.95	Yes 
wheatSN0D623.bin1	Bacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Steroidobacteraceae	ZC4RG30	 	93.87	2.75	Yes 
wheatSN0D1872.bin3	Bacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Steroidobacterales	Steroidobacteraceae	Steroidobacter	 	96.59	2.49	Yes 
wheatSN2D1873.bin6	Bacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Cupriavidus	 	84.83	2.13	Yes 
wheatSN0D142.bin3	Bacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Bordetella	 	83.44	2.37	Yes 
wheatSN2D141.bin2	Bacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Candidimonas	 	95.94	1.71	Yes 
wheatSN2D72.bin3	Bacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Pseudochrobactrum	 	99.83	0.43	Yes 
wheatSN0D141.bin19	Bacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Kaistiaceae	Kaistia	 	91.63	4.78	Yes 
wheatSN0D142.bin7	Bacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Beijerinckiaceae	Camelimonas	 	81.66	0.69	Yes 
wheatSN0D1873.bin11	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Polyangiales	Polyangiaceae	NIC37A-2	 	80.91	1.47	Yes 
wheatSN2D1871.bin4	Bacteria	Myxococcota	Polyangia	Polyangiales	Polyangiaceae	PMG-095	 	89.28	4.01	Yes 
wheatSN0D141.bin8	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Myroides	 	97.37	0.82	Yes 
wheatSN0D141.bin20	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Myroides	 	93.28	1.09	Yes 
wheatSN2D141.bin15	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Weeksellaceae	Moheibacter	 	98.97	0	Yes 
wheatSN0D141.bin6	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Flavobacteriales	Weeksellaceae	Moheibacter	 	83.89	1.08	Yes 
wheatSN2D1872.bin3	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	AKYH767		Unclassified 	 	97.47	1.27	Yes 
wheatSN2D141.bin11	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriaceae	Sphingobacterium	 	88.02	5.74	Yes 
wheatSN2D141.bin1	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriaceae	Sphingobacterium	 	85.17	2	Yes 
wheatSN0D141.bin16	Bacteria	Bacteroidota	Bacteroidia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Niabella	 	99.01	0.52	Yes 
